---
layout: post
title: Tourism
category: visit
---

#Dining

##Near the Hotel

**Abe and Louie's**, [793 Boylston St](https://www.google.ca/maps/place/Abe+%26+Louie's/@42.349175,-71.081538,17z/data=!3m1!4b1!4m2!3m1!1s0x89e37a0ef7c51c4d:0x3b643d1ee9cd8345), +1 617 536-6300. Su-Th 11:30AM-11PM, [14] F-Sa 11:30AM-midnight. A happening steakhouse with some of the best cuts in town. Make sure to get reservations or come in on off hours.

**L'Espalier**, [30 Gloucester St](https://www.google.ca/maps/place/L'Espalier/@42.3495,-71.084445,17z/data=!3m1!4b1!4m2!3m1!1s0x89e37a0f77192221:0xa1c94e401ca5e143), +1 617 262-3023, [16] The flagship French restaurant in Boston headed by award-winning chef Frank McClelland. Impeccable service and memorable cuisine make this a top choice for special occasions. Choose from several fix-priced multi-course menus (no a la carte menu available). Make reservations way in advance.

**Teriyaki House**, [1110 Bolyston St](https://www.google.ca/maps/place/Teriyaki+House/@42.346849,-71.088633,17z/data=!3m1!4b1!4m2!3m1!1s0x89e37a1b22294153:0x91f08243284a1a96), "+1+ 617-236-1008. Traditional Japanese Tappanyaki cooking, fresh Sushi, and bubble Tea.

**The Upper Crust Pizzeria**, [222 Newbury Street.](https://www.google.ca/maps/place/The+Upper+Crust+Pizzeria/@42.349876,-71.081145,17z/data=!3m1!4b1!4m2!3m1!1s0x89e37a0eed0260c5:0xed1ddab15a5b4bf7), +1 617-262-0090. Located in the midst of Newbury Street, one of the countries best shopping destinations, the Upper Crust Pizzeria sits high above Newbury Street with great views of the bustling network of shops and restaurants. Founded in 2001, the Upper crust menu operates of the simple concept based on traditional Neapolitan style pizza, which is characterized by a thin crust and chunky sauce. Since 2001, Upper Crust has been awarded "Best Pizza in Boston" multiple times by the annual "Best In Boston" magazine issue. With fresh ingredients and a diverse menu of specialty pizzas, the Upper Crust is one of the top pizza destinations in Boston.

**B. Good**, [131 Dartmouth St.](https://www.google.ca/maps/place/b.+good/@42.346696,-71.075418,17z/data=!3m1!4b1!4m2!3m1!1s0x89e37a0d13004401:0xbbdf14938e339bbd), +1 617-424-5252, [10]. M-Sa 11AM-10PM, Su 11AM-9PM. Vegetarian Offers health-conscious veggie burgers with great fixings, like salsa and guacamole, and sides of tasty steamed veggies. The fries are air-baked and taste like real potatoes!

##The Northend

**Rabia’s Ristorante**. Address: 73 Salem St. Phone: (617) 227-6637. Web site [16]. Hours: daily until 10 PM. Rabia’s has a creative and unique atmosphere with romantic dim lighting. Grapes and grape vines (which look very real) dangle and weave around trellises attached to the ceiling. If you are craving seafood, Rabia’s is the place to go. The menu is heavily focused on all kinds of seafood, including items straight from their raw bar. Appetizers start around $5 and all main courses are under $30. The menu also has a large assortment of meats and pasta dishes.

**Marliave. Address**: 10 Bosworth St. Phone: (617) 423-6340. A 124-year-old restaurant in the heart of historic Boston. Excellent food. Has a roof garden area overlooking the streets of Boston. Very friendly management and excellent service and food. A hidden gem that hasn't changed the decor in at least 100 years. Just the way Bostonians like it

**Dolce Vita Ristorante**. Address: 221 Hanover St. Phone (617) 720-0422. Web site [10]. Hours: daily until 7 PM. Dolce Vita was featured in the Improper Bostonian and Traveler’s Journal for its great food. This restaurant has a comfortable and open atmosphere. When the weather is nice, the windows open out to the street.

#To Do

##Museums, Libraries, Galleries

Museum of Fine Arts, Known for its impressive assortment of French Impressionist paintings, with the largest collection of Monet paintings outside of Paris; it also has the largest collection of Japanese art outside of Japan (there is also a branch of the museum in Nagoya, Japan), an extraordinary collection of Egyptian, ancient Greek, and Roman art, one of the most comprehensive collections of American art, and one of the largest and finest print collections in the United States.

Institute of Contemporary Art, Calling itself the ‘renegade offspring of the Museum of Modern Art’ The Institute of Contemporary Art was founded as the Boston Museum of Modern Art in 1936. Today it houses a variety of exhibitions including visual, cinematic, and performance art. 

Panopticon Gallery,  Founded in 1971, Panopticon Gallery is one of the oldest galleries in the United States dedicated solely to photography. The gallery specializes in 20th Century American Photography and emerging contemporary photography.

Boston Athenæum, Founded in 1807, the Boston Athenæum is one of the oldest and most distinguished independent libraries and cultural institutions in the United States. The first floor is FREE and open to the public. Admission to the gallery is a suggested $5 donation. Admittance to the remaining floors is limited to members.

Semitic Museum, Founded in 1889, the Harvard Semitic Museum houses more than 40,000 Near Eastern artifacts, mostly from museum-sponsored excavations in Egypt, Iraq, Israel, Jordan, Syria, and Tunisia. We use these collections to investigate and teach Near Eastern archaeology, history, and culture.

##Historical Sites

Freedom Trail, walking tour of 16 historic sites that begins at Boston Common, goes through downtown Boston, the North End and Charlestown, ending at the USS Constitution. Sites include the old State House, Faneuil Hall, Paul Revere's House, and the Old North Church. The Freedom Trail connects to the Boston Harbor Walk. The Freedom Trail is marked by a line of red paint or red brick in the sidewalk.

Faneuil Hall and Quincy Market, Two of Boston's oldest marketplaces, contain a great set of mainly tourist-oriented shops and eateries. Since Faneuil Hall Marketplace is private property, the street performers must audition and thus are consistently entertaining. Faneuil Hall also has a historic meeting hall in its upper levels, and is just down the street from the Old State House. 



##Local Theatre

Boston Symphony Orchestra, Now in its 132nd season, the Boston Symphony Orchestra gave its inaugural concert on October 22, 1881. In addition to holding weekly performances, the BSO houses an archive of printed programs, press clippings, posters, photographs, administrative files, and an extensive collection of radio broadcast tapes of concerts and commercial recordings.

New England Conservatory, Right around the corner from the Boston Symphony, is often overlooked by tourists in Boston but well-known among local musicians. Their performances, recitals, and chamber group concerts are usually free and unticketed.

Boston Ballet, founded in 1963 the Boston was the first professional repertory ballet company in New England and today is one of the major ballet companies in North America and among the top companies in the world. 

The Theater District, where most Broadway shows will preview and usually the first stop on a show's touring run, Boston’s theater district is a short walk from both the Commons and downtown. 

Comedy Scene,  Boston has a booming stand-up and improv comedy scene second only to New York. Consider taking in a show at either Improv Boston in Cambridge or Improv Asylum at the North End. 

##Local Scenery

Boston Commons and Public Garden, The oldest public park in America. Ride the famous Swan Boats, walk across the world's shortest suspension bridge and generally enjoy the park with its shady trees, fountains, statues, sidewalk vendors, and greenery. Visit the "Cheers" bar across Beacon St, but be forewarned: only tourists go there.

The Esplanade, sandwiched between the Charles River and Storrow Drive, the Charles River Esplanade offers some of the best views of downtown Boston, as well as miles of green-shaded walkways. Often you can observe sailing teams from Harvard and Boston University make their way down-river. 

Boston Harbor Islands State Park, This is a hidden jewel that is off the beaten path. Take a Ferry (Long Wharf: Blue line to Aquarium), out to Georges Island and tour Fort Warren. See why Boston was the most defensible city in the New World. Shuttles leave from there to other islands in Boston Harbor



