---
layout: post
title: Joe Sacco Talk
category: conference
rel: ../
---

## A Conversation with Joe Sacco

**Thursday Nov. 8th at 7 p.m.**

**Ohio Union Performance Hall**

For non-conference attendees requesting tickets, see below.

Joe Sacco is an acclaimed graphic journalist and author of Palestine and Footnotes in Gaza, on the Israel-Palestine conflict, and *Safe Area Gorazde* and *The Fixer*, on the Bosnian War. He’s lived in Malta and the U.S., and has published additional pieces on blues music, war crimes, and Chechen refugees. His work has won the American Book Award, a Guggenheim Fellowship, and the Eisner Award. His recent collaboration with Matt Hern and Am Johal, Global Warming and the Sweetness of Life, explores ecology and climate change in the tar sands region of Canada.

Sacco will be interviewed by Ohio State Professor of English Jared Gardner, author of *Projections: Comics and the History of 21st-century Storytelling* (2012), *The Rise and Fall of Early American Magazine Culture* (2012), and *Master Plots: Race and the Founding of an American Literature* 1787-1845 (1998).  

All MSA conference attendees will be admitted with their conference badges.  If you are not attending the conference, please e-mail joesaccotalk@gmail.com with your name and the number of seats you're requesting (maximum four per person).  We have 100-150 tickets reserved for the general public.  Then arrive at the Ohio Union at least 15 minutes before the beginning of the talk.

This event is sponsored by the Ohio State University Libraries, Billy Ireland Cartoon Library, and the Wexner Center for the Arts.