---
layout: CFP
title: Registration
category: conf
tag: text
---

#Registration Information Page

##Registration Rates for MSA 18

<h4 style="text-align: center">Before September 15: Reduced Rate: $75 | Early Registration Rate: $160</h4>
<h4 style="text-align: center">After September 15: Reduced Rate: $95 | Regular Registration Rate: $190</h4>

<h4 style="text-align: center; font-weight: normal;">*The reduced registration rate is available to students, non-affiliated scholars, and retired scholars.</h4>

##Registration Process: [Click here to register online]( )

###1. Registration Rates 

Please choose the appropriate registration rate from the list above. If you are not a current member for 2015 you will be prompted to add a membership package before checking out. To facilitate this process, please have your MSA login and password available. If you need to retrieve one or both, use the “Forgot password” and “Forgot username” buttons on the login page. Once you select a membership package and add it to your cart, you may proceed with checking out for both the conference registration and MSA membership. For assistance, please contact JHUP customer service at: 1-800-548-1784 or [jrnlcirc@press.jhu.edu](jrnlcirc@press.jhu.edu).

All conference participants are required to pay the registration fee. There are no reduced fees for presenters/participants wishing to attend only part of the conference.

###2. Optional Business Lunch

Rate: $10

We encourage all members to attend the MSA business lunch. Prizes are awarded, Board members are introduced, and the future of the MSA is discussed at this event. Please join us!

###3. Special Events



###4. Pre-conference and Post-conference Workshops

If you are interested attending a pre-conference and post-conference workshop, which will take place prior to the conference’s opening session and after the concluding sessions on Sunday, please indicate your choice(s) when submitting your conference registration form. For the workshop schedule and descriptions, see the Workshops page on the website. If you would like to attend two workshops, please check the schedule to make sure they do not conflict. Workshops are filled on a first-come, first-served basis. Please do not register for “closed” workshops. You may check the status of workshop closings on our Workshops page.

###5. Member Login

Once completing the conference registration form, members will be asked to log in with their membership information. Non-MSA members will be asked to purchase or renew their membership.

Please note that there is no “promo code” for the conference.

###6. Graduate Student Meetup

To help us estimate the numbers for the graduate student meetup at 9:00 p.m. Thursday, November 19, please indicate if you plan to attend. This is a free event for all graduate student conference participants. 

###7. Additional Conference Requests 

Do you have access needs (wheelchair access, etc.)? Would you like vegetarian meals? Do you need use of a private space for lactation? Please let us know here. 

###8. What Are You Reading? 

**Registration for "What Are You Reading?" sessions is now closed.**

To participate in a What Are You Reading session, please indicate this on the registration form and name a book you are interested in presenting.

*Click the "update" button to continue.*

###9. Seminar Registration

**Seminar registration is now closed.**

You have the option of registering for one seminar if you are interested.  For seminar topics see the Seminars page on the website. To register, you may select up to three of your top choices (but you’re required to select at least two.)  If your first choice is already full, you will be placed in your second choice seminar; if your second choice seminar is full, you will be placed in your third choice. Seminars are filled on a first-come, first-served basis. The deadline for seminar registration is September 1. Please do not register for “closed” seminars. You may check the status of seminar closings on our [Seminars page](Seminars.html).

*Click the "save" button to save your preferences and continue to check out. If you do not wish to register for a seminar, please click "continue to check out" at the top of the seminar registration page.*

*Please note: your conference receipt from JHUP will not indicate seminar selections. MSA Seventeen will send you a registration confirmation that will include your seminar assignment.*

###10. Payment Information 

Please enter your credit card and billing information here. This is a secure connection. 

Cancellations and Refunds: Registrants who cancel at least 30 days prior to the conference start date will receive a full refund, less a $40 processing fee.  No refunds can be offered within 30 days of the conference. Refunds will not be given to no-shows. Substitutions are permitted. 

To request a refund, please contact Robert White-Goodman at [RWG@press.jhu.edu](mailto:RWG@press.jhu.edu)

###11. Additional Comments 

Did we forget something? Please use this box to let us know. 