---
layout: post
title: Plenary Roundtable
category: conf
---

# Plenary Roundtable on “Modernism and Revolution”

The plenary roundtable will address meanings of the “modern” and “(anti)revolutionary” across multiple fields, including postcolonial theory, gender and sexuality studies, disability theory, critical race studies, performance theory and others. Our esteemed panelists have been asked to speak about what “modernism and revolution” means in their research but also to identify questions about the topic that interest them. 


## Heather Love

Heather Love is the author of *Feeling Backward: Loss and the Politics of Queer History* (Harvard, 2007), the editor of a special issue of GLQ on the scholarship and legacy of Gayle Rubin ("Rethinking Sex"), and the co-editor of a special issue of New Literary History ("Is There Life after Identity Politics?"). A book of her essays and lectures  called *Queer Affect Politics: Selected Essays* by Heather Love was published recently in Taiwan (ShenLou Press, 2012). Her research interests include gender studies and queer theory, the literature and culture of modernity, affect studies, film and visual culture, psychoanalysis, race and ethnicity, sociology and literature, and disability studies. 

## Janet Lyon

Janet Lyon is an associate professor of English and an affiliate of the Women and Gender Studies department at Penn State University. She is co-editor of the *Journal of Modern Literature*. Her scholarship focuses mainly on modernism and its historical, sociological, and philosophical contexts in Ireland, Great Britain, and the global reaches of the British empire. Her first book, *Manifestoes: Provocations of the Modern* (Cornell, 1999), offers a history and a theory of the manifesto form, beginning in 1640 and focusing on its use by modernist and avant-garde groups. She is completing a book titled *The Perfect Hostess: Sociability and Modernism*, which studies the salons, at-homes, wild parties, pub crawls, and tea-house poetry groups in the modernist moment. 

## Tavia Nyong’o

Tavia Nyong’o teaches critical black studies, queer studies, cultural theory, and cultural history at NYU. His first book, *The Amalgamation Waltz: Race, Performance, and the Ruses of Memory* (Minnesota, 2009), won the Errol Hill Award for best book in African American theatre and performance studies. Nyong’o has published articles on punk, disco, viral media, the African diaspora, film, and performance art in venues such as *Radical History Review*, *Criticism, The Journal of Performance Studies*, *Women & Performance: A Journal of Feminist Theory*, *Women Studies Quarterly*, *The Nation*, and *n+1*. He is the co-editor of *Social Text*.