---
layout: post
title: Plenary Roundtable
category: conf
---

## Plenary Roundtable

Our plenary roundtable will consist of a conversation among a group of esteemed scholars who explore various ways of conceptualizing the graphic: in terms of visual culture and the work of images, and in terms of the convergence of graphic aesthetics with questions of race, sexuality, and empire.

**Namiko Kunimoto** is Associate Professor of Art History at Ohio State University. She is a specialist in modern and contemporary Japanese art, with research interests in gender, race, urbanization, photography, visual culture, performance art, transnationalism, and nation formation. Her essays have been published *Art Journal* and *Asia Pacific Japan Focus*, among others, and she is the author of *The Stakes of Exposure: Anxious Bodies in Postwar Japanese Art*. Her awards include a Social Sciences and Humanities Research Council of Canada Fellowship, Japan Foundation Fellowships (2007 and 2016), a College Art Association Millard/Meiss Author Award, and the OSU Alumni Award for Distinguished Teaching (2018).

**Hillary Chute’s** work focuses on comics and graphic novels; contemporary fiction; visual studies; American literature; gender and sexuality studies; literature and the arts; critical theory; and media studies. She is the author of Graphic Women: Life Narrative and Contemporary Comics (2010), Outside the Box: Interviews with Contemporary Cartoonists (2014); Disaster Drawn: Visual Witness, Comics, and Documentary Form (2016), and Why Comics?: From Underground to Everywhere (2017). She is also associate editor of Art Spiegelman’s MetaMaus (2011).  She is Distinguished Professor of English and Art + Design at Northeastern University.

**Madelyn Detloff** is a professor of English and Women’s, Gender, and Sexuality Studies at Miami University.  Her research interests include cultural studies, queer studies, crip theory, literary modernism (especially Virginia Woolf and H.D.), and trauma studies.  She is the author of two scholarly books, The Value of Woolf (2016) and The Persistence of Modernism: Loss and Mourning in the Twentieth Century (2009), as well as the co-editor of Queer Bloomsbury (2016) and Virginia Woolf: Art, Education, and Internationalism (2008).